boton que realice una llamada:
book an appointment - reservar una cita


ABOUT

If you are looking for a blend of personal service and expertise, you have come to the right place! We offer a broad range of services for business owners, executives and independent professionals. Our rates are affordable. We are experienced and we’re friendly. Please call us for a free initial consultation.

WHO WE ARE
We are a full-service Tax Preparation firm licensed in CA. We are affordable, experienced, and friendly.

WHAT WE DO
Our firm provides outstanding service to our clients because of our dedication to our underlying principles.

WHO WE SERVE
We offer a broad range of services for business owners, executives, and independent professionals.

PROFESSIONALISM.
RESPONSIVENESS.
ACCURACY.
QUALITY.
SERVICES

OUR PROFESSIONALISM
Our firm is one of the leading firms in the area. By combining our expertise, experience and the energy of our staff, each client receives close personal and professional attention.

Our high standards, service and specialized staff spell the difference between our outstanding performance and other firms. We make sure that every client is served by the expertise of our whole firm.

Our primary goal as a trusted advisor is to be available and to provide insightful advice to enable our clients to make informed financial decisions. We do not accept anything less from ourselves and this is what we deliver to you.

We feel it is extremely important to continually professionally educate ourselves to improve our technical expertise, financial knowledge and service to our clients.

Our Vision
West’s Bookkeeping Services, LLC (WBS) looks for unique individuals and businesses to join our team. Those who are positive, happy and willing to step outside their comfort zone to grow both professionally and personally. The WBS team is inspired to go above and beyond; to do the little things that matter the most in gaining the respect, confidence and sense of relief we give our clients.

Our Mission
West’s Bookkeeping Service, LLC works diligently to empower individual and businesses to become more successful and productive in both their personal and professional lives through our experience, sharing knowledge and our distinct ability to adapt to the constant changes of the 21st century.

Core Values
Ethics: We values a strong work ethic, loyalty, integrity and respect for others
Purpose: We pursue and share our knowledge and systems in order to empower each of our clients & team members
Implementing Growth: We value personal and professional growth through learning, development, curiosity, courage, experience and resilience
How does WBS measure success?
We believe that success is measured by growth and learning, loving what you do, finding the right work-life balance and, most of all, by helping others become successful. What does success mean to you?

SERVICES

Planning is the key to successfully and legally reducing your tax liability. We go beyond tax compliance and proactively recommend tax saving strategies to maximize your after-tax income.

We make it a priority to enhance our mastery of the current tax law, complex tax code, and new tax regulations by attending frequent tax seminars.

Businesses and individuals pay the lowest amount of taxes allowable by law because we continually look for ways to minimize your taxes throughout the year, not just at the end of the year

accounting: We can replace your back office with accounting, payroll, and bookkeeping support. When it comes to complex issues, rely on us.  Equipped with a specialized skill set and sophisticated financial knowledge, our accountants have the opportunity to help your company grow.

tax: Planning is the key to successfully and legally reducing your tax liability. We go beyond tax compliance and proactively recommend tax saving strategies to maximize your after-tax income.

PAYROLL SERVICES: PAYROLL CAN BE A NIGHTMARE FOR SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS
When it comes to paying employees, laws and the IRS have made the payroll function a time consuming nightmare for the small business owner. Small business owners spend an average of eight hours a month performing payroll functions. That’s 12 full days a year that could be spent generating sales, prospecting new business opportunities, improving products or services, or servicing customers. We offer payroll solutions that meet your business’s needs and enable you to spend time doing what you do best–running your company. 
Worry Free Payroll Tax Filing
Eliminate the risks of calculating and filing your own payroll taxes by having professionals do it for you. Federal, state and local payroll tax laws are frequently changing and becoming more complex.  How much time do you want to spend learning all the rules and keeping your information up to date?

Our Services
Daily bookkeeping can be very tedious and time consuming and let’s face it, you have more important things to do.  At WBS, we can help ease that process for you.  We offer many levels of customized services for both individuals and businesses.

From guiding you through the setup of your bookkeeping system, to helping you maintain specific areas – or all areas of the bookkeeping process, we spend a great deal of quality time with each one of our clients to ensure they fully understand and are set-up to successfully achieve the goals they have set for themselves and their business.

Focus on building your future.  

Let WBS handle your boring and tedious behind the scene tasks – you know, the ones you dread doing and put off until you can’t anymore.

The WBS team is proud to offer you the following services:

Accounting & Bookkeeping
    Accounts Payable/Receivable
    Monthly Reconciliations
    Financial Statements and Reporting
    Cash Flow Forecasting & Reporting
Budgets
Consulting
Payroll Services
Taxes
    Income Tax – Virtual and drop-off options available
        Personal
        Business
    Tax Consulting/Planning
    Sales Tax
    1099 Preparation & Delivery
    Other business taxes (HUT, IFTA, etc.)
Quickbooks
    Clean-Ups
    Set-Ups
We invite you to call or email us for your free consultation to discuss your needs – even if you aren’t quite sure what they are yet.  We will be more than happy to discuss all your options and help you select a service package that is the best fit for both you and your business.

Need a service and don’t see it listed above? Chances are, we can help with that, too! Just click the link above to call or email us to discuss how we can best help you!

We will thoroughly and conscientiously study your personal situation, and tailor our advice to your specific needs.

Financial Analysis
When a business is able to undertake strong financial analysis, it opens up new opportunities to improve management, planning and decision making. Financial analysis provides the numbers to support, reject or contemplate a course of action. Prospective analysis can show how situations may evolve under various scenarios, providing a new dimension to decision making. We are ready to provide this type of financial analysis to support the continued prosperity of your business.

Return to Top

Financial Statements
Financial statements are an important tool for management decision making. Financial statements also represent your business to lenders, partners, potential buyers and other interested parties. We  will work closely with your key personnel to develop and finalize accurate and timely financial statements.

Payroll Services
Constantly changing federal, state and local laws and tax regulations make payroll management an ongoing challenge for business owners. Our payroll services professionals are well versed on these laws and regulations. We can proactively alert you to material changes that will affect your business and your employees while also keeping payroll running smoothly no matter how large your business and your employee population become.

Return to Top

Retirement Planning
Retirement planning is critical in these uncertain times. Whether you are developing a retirement plan for yourself or choosing a retirement plan to offer to your employees, we can help you evaluate the available options. Our focus is on helping you to make the choice that is most appropriate for your own financial situation. If you are choosing a retirement plan for your business, we will base our recommendations on the unique characteristics of your business and your employee population, as well as the legal and compliance issues related to each type of plan.

Sales Tax Services
State and local tax authorities are looking to maximize sales tax collections. We can help you understand and manage your sales tax obligations and prepare sales tax returns in an efficient and timely manner.

Return to Top

Tax Preparation & Planning
Effective tax preparation and planning can help you to minimize your future tax liability. We can help you proactively manage both your personal and your business tax issues, including understanding how upcoming business opportunities impact your tax status and vice versa. Not all tax planning opportunities are readily apparent. By having us on your team, you are more likely to benefit from those opportunities. We understand how the latest federal, state and local tax legislation and other developments affect you and your business and we are constantly identifying new ways to reduce federal, state or local tax liabilities.

Accounting Software Selection & Implementation
There is no shortage of accounting software solutions for your business. Software as a service (SaaS), cloud computing, and other technological innovations are adding more dimensions to technology decisions. Choosing the right solution that will meet the needs of your business now and in the future while also providing a necessary level of security is crucial. We can analyze the nature of your business and financial transactions, current technology, future business plans and emerging needs to identify and implement a software solution that is flexible enough to grow and change with your business.

Return to Top

Bookkeeping/Write-Up
If your business does not currently have accounting staff or if your business is outgrowing its current bookkeeping system, we can provide comprehensive bookkeeping and write-up services to ensure the smooth operation of the financial side of your business. As your business needs grow and change, we can provide input and planning assistance to make sure your accounting and financial systems keep pace with your business needs.